hello today we want to present you a new
tool called jean with chrome that
it works through the chrome browser and
so it belongs to google and it ends
to be launched because recently this
tool is a web tool for
therefore you do not have to install anything in
your browser but simply
you access this page jan with chrome
dotcom and from there you can use it
and what is it good for?
interpret music collaboratively
as we will see there is a series of
musical instruments that can be
select and we can touch them online and
we also do not have to do it alone
but we can invite our
session up to a maximum number of
three friends
we enter then where it says enter
You will see that it is in English, but it is
It has a very very intuitive use and is very
easy to make it work without knowing English
once we are inside you see that already
the first instrument sounds we are going to
to lower our voice we have guitars batteries
basically and low synthesizers
also that we can select in these
controls
then we would choose an instrument for
example I will choose this guitar
I enter a name for my session
and I go in
and once I'm inside
as you will see as soon as loading appears
my guitar here a series of controls
in the bottom part I see what is my
user at this time I chose as
name the echo and the instrument that I
I touch I can invite friends up to three
to play in the same session as
I would then be everything to put on
agreement about what we are going to do and
take it out so you can see how
it could be a collaborative session here
in a youtube video previously
uploaded by a user we see what
it would be a group session
we see the instrument that is playing in
every moment if there are several users
the person who created this session
synthesizer and the other people have
these are the instruments we come back to
our session and I can touch
directly
dragging the mouse
and holding the left button
You see here I have a scale of
chords I can change the scale
and put it being for example in two
then I could start as is
and keep changing of accord
each one as more
I can activate the help to give me
tips on the progress are in English
but they are brief tips that even
you can translate with the translator of
google if you do not understand them well here
we control the tempo
and here we can activate a metronome
if it helps us we have two modes
to touch one is the professional pro
which in this case is the one that is activated
and you just leave us alone alone
before the danger with the instrument in
change in easy mode as they give us the
guidelines for playing the notes each of
the notes and beige that have either
numbers or letters that means
that we can activate the ones from him
from the mouse or else we can
enter through the keys those
letters or those numbers for example I'm
now pressing the letter the number three
the letter b then thinking about you
students who are so skilled normally
in working with in playing with the
consoles and use the keyboard of a
absolutely juggler's way
It can be a lot easier for them to play
with this with this application through
of the keyboard I have some minimal controls
in each of the instruments and this
would be in principle everything here I can
change the instrument and I go by
example to a synthesizer
it takes a few seconds to appear but
we have it here then at this moment
I am in two and I have two sun fa
think for example an example that would be
very easy imagine the song stand by
me that is known by many people to what
better among your students is no longer
so much because it's an old song but
I know that you will understand me if
I select auto play mode which is something
that had not yet been commented
will play the instrument only within
the note that you give as a guide within
the scale that I am using then
if for example I tell you to start do
you see that I have different patterns for
give for autoplay 1s that other would be this one
another would be this other would be this I have
the same in all instruments
then imagine that I choose this and
that it lowered a little here the tempo
Oh
let's imagine that I want a group of
students of four students with four
different instruments touch the
chords follow the melody and play the
chords of the song stand by me that you
I said before then we would start at all
for example
we would change to the lower
fa
Sun
you
the least
fa
and sun all this can be done
rhythmically
and they can get the melody now stopped the
auto play and they can get the same
song at the same pace in the same
session and using instruments
different as I said to a maximum
of 4 people
if we invite you through here
sharing a link or even
sharing through social networks
like twitter
google + and facebook the possibilities are
very large is not an instrument
professional nor much less is
posed as a game to experience
with the rhythms with the melodies with the
different timbres and sounds of each
instrument and think that it can be very
interesting inside a classroom where no
there are instruments but you have
computers such as the classroom of
computing that each student is with a
computer that groups them jce in groups
of four that you put to each his
headphones and that in a class in
silence in apparent silence from
out for those who do not have headphones
are giving what they are taking place
at that moment
with certain or so many jam session
experiments or so many games of
a musical game like groups of four
you can form and that you can coordinate
well because obviously as a
they are not going to hinder others as nothing
I encourage you to experiment with this branch
this tool that you play with it and
that if you want us to pass that
let us get there as you
experimentations because if at any
moment
in which you are carrying out one of
these sessions record the sound of
your computer with an application of
recording audio or recording
Desktop video capture as as
we have seen some already in some other
tutorial or resource project as
you can send us the video of
your musical compositions many
thank you for your attention and until
another moment